[DX-916] Release note 5.2.5 (#3805)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/release-notes/version-5.2.md

---

## 5.2.5 Release Notes 

> ##### Release Date 7 Dec 2023

Author: ```suggestion
##### Release Date 19 Dec 2023
```

#### Breaking Changes
This release has no breaking changes.

#### Deprecations
There are no deprecations in this release.

#### Upgrade instructions
If you are using a 5.2.x version, we advise you to upgrade ASAP to this latest release. If you are on an older version, you should skip 5.2.0 and upgrade directly to this release.

#### Release Highlights
This release implements a bug fix.
For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog]({{< ref "#Changelog-v5.2.5">}}) below.

#### Downloads
- [Docker image to pull](https://hub.docker.com/layers/tykio/tyk-gateway/v5.2.5/images/TBC?context=explore)
- [source code](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/releases/tag/v5.2.5)

#### Changelog {#Changelog-v5.2.5}

#### Fixed
<ul>
 <li>
 <details>
 <summary>Long custom keys not maintained in distributed Data Planes</summary>

>  Fixed an issue where custom keys over 24 characters in length were deleted from the Data Plane Redis on key update in distributed (MDCB) setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where custom keys over 24 characters in length were deleted from the Data Plane Redis when a key was updated in distributed (MDCB) setups.
```

Author: "key update" is an action/signal from MDCB. Please check this proposed change with @tbuchaillot or @sredxny

Reviewer: @tbuchaillot @sredxny ?

Reviewer 2: looks good to me!
